Welcome back to Movie Recaps.
Today I will show you an action, thriller,
horror film from 2021, titled Blood Red Sky.
Spoilers ahead!
Watch out and take care.
An RAF airbase in Scotland is getting prepared
for the landing of a transatlantic flight,
that has been hijacked.
Colonel Drummond has been called in to deal
with the situation and as soon as he lands
an officer informs him that they are working
under the assumption that the pilot and co-pilot
are dead.
He has the information that there is at least
one person on board the plane who is on the
German terrorist watch list.
As Drummond walks into the control center,
an officer communicates with the plane, explaining
how they should land while another officer
observes their approach.
The plane lands a little rough, then Drummond
asks his men for a visual and contacts the
plane asking about the situation on board
when movement suddenly appears near one of
the doors.
A parachute drops down from it and the soldiers
see a boy climbing down, then is approached
by two RAF trucks ordered by Drummond to get
him out of there.
They see a new subject in the cockpit and
Drummond radios him, saying that they will
open fire if he moves, instructing him to
climb into the pilot seat and slowly raise
his hands.
The man asks to be let out of the plane so
he can explain everything to them, insisting
that he's not a terrorist.
Later, Drummond sends his translator to talk
to the boy, Elias, who's being examined by
a doctor.
She doesn't learn anything from him because
he's in shock.
We go back a day earlier in a hotel room and
see Elias's mother, Nadja, in the bathroom
getting ready for the flight.
Later, she talks to her doctor in New York,
where she and Elias will be traveling for
the treatment of her mysterious illness.
Elias calls Nadja to tell her that he checked
their luggage, and later she arrives at the
airport at night, greets her son, then they
pass through airport security and proceed
to the waiting room where she leaves Elias
and goes to the bathroom before their flight.
Nadja opens her medicine bag and preps a syringe
with her medicine, then drinks from a bottle,
instantly feeling the effects of the drink,
then she injects herself with the syringe.
Farid is on the phone in the waiting room
when Elias begins talking to him, they have
a fun chat, and then Farid asks him where
his mother is.
Nadja soon arrives and later they can be seen
going inside the plane and taking their seats.
Meanwhile, the main stewardess enters through
the cockpit and asks the pilot and co-pilot
Bastian if they'd like some coffee.
She goes to the stewardess's station on board
to get it and asks Eightball to take care
of a sexist passenger in first-class for her.
The plane finally takes off from Germany and
is headed to the US.
After a few hours, Nadja returns to her seat
from the bathroom and she writes something
down in her notebook, finding a photo from
her and her husband inside.
She remembers him fondly in a sequence of
events that starts benignly and ends up with
them and their baby being stranded in the
middle of nowhere.
Her husband leaves to find help and Nadja
stays back with the baby.
During her current flight, she notices a commotion
in the front end of the plane.
Eightball is trying to reason with an unruly
passenger when one of the air marshals subdues
him and the second air marshal joins them
upfront.
As the air marshals talk to the passenger,
Eightball takes out a knife and kills the
second marshal, while the passenger overtakes
the first one.
Eightball asks where the third air marshal
is and when he learns the information, he
sends one of his men to take care of her.
Curtiz kills the marshal, takes her gun, and
gives it to and when he gets back to Eightball,
the maniac kills the remaining air marshal
violently to the disgust of Karl.
Nadja senses something is happening.
Suddenly, Eightball walks back to the passengers
and tells them to remain seated while he flings
a gun at them.
His conspirators join him and make everybody
go into the back of the plane.
Berg goes to the cockpit and knocks on the
door when Bastian opens it for him and tells
him that he killed the pilot.
They open the hatch and throw him down into
the other level of the plane, then Berg makes
an announcement to the passengers that they
have taken over and orders the passengers
to put their hands on the seat in front of
them.
The bearded guy Yuri finds the black box and
reprograms it, then tells Berg about it in
the cockpit.
The co-pilot turns the plane.
Elias gets scared for his mom even though
she tells him not to worry, but he checks
the plane schematics and tells her where she
can hide from the sunlight.
Curtiz gets Farid to get up and move to the
front of the plane, while Karl tries to calm
Eightball and Elias escapes from his seat.
Nadja goes after Elias and Eightball after
them, then he still shoots her in front of
Elias.
He grabs the boy and Karl puts him back in
his seat, telling him to stay there.
Berg meets Curtiz halfway to the back and
Curtiz tells him what happened.
Berg approaches Eightball and tells him that
if he does something like that again he'll
kill him, but he still uses Nadja's death
as an example to the other passengers.
In a flashback, we go back to the car where
Nadja is waiting with her baby for her husband
to get help back to them.
After waiting for a while, she leaves the
car and walks into the woods, following in
her husband's footsteps.
Nadja comes upon an abandoned house and thinks
she'll find him there.
Inside of the house she sees blood on the
floor and follows a line of it down toward
the basement when a vampire comes out of nowhere
and chases her down.
She locks herself in the basement where she
finds her husband, dead.
The creature tries to come in through a window
and Nadja goes to fight it off, but it bites
her before it gets killed by the sunlight.
She wakes up in the plane - alive.
Nadja hears dogs in the hold and drops down
into it through a hatch.
Meanwhile, Berg forces Farid and two other
men into reading a terrorist-sounding message.
Back in the hold, Nadja hides under a car
as Curtiz and Yuri come down looking for tools
to build a bomb.
Yuri sets it up as Nadja gets to one of the
dogs and feasts on it.
The dog makes enough noises to piss off Yuri
and make him come back to find Nadja hiding
behind a car, who then attacks him and kills
him.
Simultaneously, Farid gets back to the other
passengers and heads straight to Elias, sitting
down next to him.
Nadja begins to change into her vampire form
rapidly, feeling her teeth coming in so she
finds the medicine and gets ready to inject
it when she hears Berg call Yuri, telling
him that there are 10 minutes to the jump.
Nadja goes back to Yuri's body and drinks
his blood, speeding up her transformation,
then she walks back to the other part of the
plane.
The hijackers lie to the passengers that they
will set off a nerve gas if they move from
their seats, then they proceed to the hold
where they find Yuri with a dog next to him,
which Nadja has set loose to look like it
killed him.
She gets in the back of the plane to get Elias,
freaking out the other passengers that she'll
set off the gas.
Nadja and Elias go to the cockpit where they
discover that the pilots have left so she
comes back to the passengers and asks for
someone that can fly a plane.
One of the men says that he can do it and
goes with Nadja, as Farid tells the other
passengers about what he read in the statement.
Nadja and the guy go to the cockpit, and she
locks the doors before Farid can join them
there.
In the meantime, the hijackers get into their
scuba gear and are ready to jump, while Berg
communicates with the man that will pick them
up from the ocean.
Nadja continues to transform in the cockpit,
worrying Elias, when the guy realizes that
they're on autopilot.
She sees the hijackers on the security monitors
and tells him to wait for them to jump before
he turns it off.
Eightball has figured out that she isn't dead
and comes back to the plane with Berg, looking
for her.
One of the passengers tells them that she's
in the cockpit so they go there and ask her
to open the door.
Nadja tells the man to turn the plane around
toward the US again, even though he tells
her they're closer to Europe.
He's scared of her so he obliges her command
and when the hijackers notice the plane turning,
Berg threatens to kill a passenger.
He shoots him and tells Nadja that they'll
keep killing others until she opens the door,
then tells Eightball to get him another one.
The psychopath finds a little girl and brings
her to Berg who shows her to Nadja.
He begins the countdown and before he can
shoot the girl, Nadja jumps out of the cockpit
and attacks him, biting straight into his
neck, scaring the hell out of Bastian and
the others.
The guy in the cockpit shuts and locks the
door again with Elias inside.
Nadja finishes drinking Berg's blood and then
goes after the rest of them who run back to
the hold.
Berg begins changing and when she hears it,
Nadja goes back to kill him, with Eightball
seeing it all happen.
She goes back to the door and tells Elias
not to open it because he's safer there, then
goes into the lavatory and sees how much her
transformation has progressed.
Eightball asks to see her bag and comes back
down to the other hijackers reading from her
notebook.
He says that she's a vampire, but since Karl
didn't see what happened he doesn't believe
the rest when they tell him what Nadja did.
Karl is too caught up with how maniacal Eightball
is, who shows the others a UV light to hurt
Nadja.
She injects herself with the medicine and
goes into another flashback.
Nadja tries to take care of Elias as a baby,
while also feeding herself.
As the baby keeps crying, she hisses at it
but then goes to the bathroom to rip her fangs
out so she doesn't hurt him.
One day, Nadja goes back to the house where
she got turned, when the father of the vampire
that made her shows up.
The man tells her that his son couldn't control
himself and neither can he despite his appearance.
The man shoots her, saying that they are all
cursed and bring only suffering.
Back at the plane, Eightball is making a stake
and the others are arguing over what to do
now.
Karl convinces Bastian that their only chance
is to get back in the cockpit and get the
plane back on course.
Elias gets out of the cockpit, ignoring the
pleas from the guy to stay inside, and gets
his mother out of the bathroom, dragging her
back.
The hijackers get back up and when the guy
sees them he locks himself back up in the
cockpit.
Nadja rises and goes toward Eightball who's
waiting for her with a stake and a UV light.
He burns her and she faints, so he tells the
others to take control back, while he stays
behind to figure out what she is.
Eightball finds a syringe and fills it with
her blood and when he wants to stake her,
Elias shows up threatening him with a gun.
The psychopath goes toward Elias and when
he reaches for the gun, it shoots the window
open and the plane destabilizes because of
the pressure drop.
Bastian tells the others that they have oxygen
for only 10 more minutes and they have to
get the plane lower.
Nadja gets Elias to an oxygen mask, takes
the gun, and shoots Eightball, who runs away.
Simultaneously, the guy in the cockpit passes
out because he can't hold the door and get
to a mask at the same time, which allows the
hijackers to get back inside.
Nadja brings Elias to the other part of the
plane and gives him over to Farid as the plane
suddenly loses altitude.
She goes after Eightball and finds him inside
a bulletproof car, so no matter how much she
shoots at him, nothing happens.
The maniac injects himself with her blood
even though she begs him not to do it.
Eightball immediately begins to turn and Nadja
figures out what she has to do to stop him.
She finds matches and alcohol, then comes
back and pours it inside the car, lighting
Eightball on fire.
Nadja remembers the old vampire telling her
that they cannot let their evil spread and
they must stop it.
She begins smashing his face and before she
strikes the final blow, the man says that
she cannot control the evil inside of her.
The plane finally stabilizes, but the hijackers
see that there is a fire in the hold though
before they come down, Nadja has already contained
the fire and is crawling back inside the plane.
The hijackers shoot at Nadja and the passengers
freak out so they stampede toward the front
of the plane, including Farid carrying Elias.
The hijackers find Eightball in the car alive
when he suddenly attacks Curtiz and drunks
his blood, then gets out and goes after the
others.
Nadja secures the door to the hold and hears
Elias yelling after her that the passengers
want to kill her.
Farid however calls out saying that they won't
hurt her, clearly not on the same page as
the others, one of which shoots her.
She attacks the other one and they try to
contain her, but she just breaks free and
goes after Farid.
Elias convinces her not to kill him as the
other man points a gun at her.
Nadja hears the other vampires in the hold
and says that they can't let them come back
on board so she runs down and tries to contain
Eightball behind a door.
Farid runs to her aid and gets bitten by Eithball
who gets shot by the other guy when he pushes
through the door.
Nadja chops off Farid's hand to stop the spread
to the rest of his body while Curtiz, now
fully turned, tries to get back into the plane
from below.
Nadja manages to put him and Eightball back
down, saving the stewardess from becoming
vampire grub.
After that, she goes back to the passengers
and finds Bastian, while Farid reassures them
that she's on their side.
Nadja takes him back to the cockpit where
he tells her that they have to find the nearest
airport to land because they are running low
on fuel.
Farid and Elias convince her to go below the
cockpit where it's dark as he stays behind
with Bastian.
The moment that the pilot gets a signal from
the nearby RAF airbase he tells them that
they have been hijacked, but that they were
able to overpower the hijackers and lock them
in the cargo hold.
Meanwhile, Elias goes up to look for his mother's
medicine while the passengers hear the vampires
rampaging in the hold.
One of the hurt passengers decides to go down
to the vampires because he's dying and releases
Eightball, asking to be bitten.
Eightball just storms past him and attacks
the other passengers.
Nadja and Farid see that the airplane has
turned into complete pandemonium as the other
passengers flock to the cockpit doors, trying
to get in.
Bastian doesn't allow them to open the door
and Nadja realizes that they shouldn’t land
the plane because the vampires would get out.
Farid thinks that they should land the plane
and then blow it up remotely so they go to
the fuel tank to set up the explosive and
realize that they have a detonator but no
timer.
Nadja volunteers to blow up the plane manually
when all of them get out of the plane and
explains to Elias that it must be done.
The boy isn't interested in leaving his mother
to die, so he runs down into the hold to find
the hijacker's timer, protecting himself with
a UV light.
The vampires in the hold go after Elias, but
he manages to dodge all of them.
Elias finds the right tool and starts coming
back to the cockpit when the vampires attack
him and he drops the light.
Nadja sees what is happening from the cockpit
and decides to help Elias.
She asks Bastian if the airplane is on the
right track and he tells her that it's on
autopilot, explaining that with traffic control
anyone can land the plane at this point.
Nadja turns to Farid and makes him promise
that he will take care of her son, then feeds
on Bastian, knowing that it will make her
transformation final.
Elias gets attacked by the other vampires
when Eightball hears him scream and claims
him for himself.
Before he can get to the boy, Nadja attacks
him and the two vampires fight in the hold.
Eightball bites into her when Elias gets the
idea to blow out the hold door so his mother
can push Eightball out of there.
Meanwhile, Farid sees that the boy is left
alone in the hold with his mother when Eightball
crawls back inside the plane and goes after
the boy.
Farid turns off the autopilot and turns the
plane sideways, killing Eightball by exposing
him to the sunlight.
Elias feeds his mother his own blood and she
wakes up, barely controlling herself not to
feed on him more.
She pushes him away and crawls back into the
hold.
Back in the RAF base, Elias asks the translator
about Farid and begs her to get him out, but
the racist tells him that no matter what Farid
has told him that he's one of the bad guys.
Elias tells her that they have to save him
from the vampires before the sun goes down.
They sedate the boy and Drummond gets back
to control.
He orders his officers to wait while the vampires
on the plane feed of the remaining bodies.
The army keeps talking to Farid and tries
to convince him to hand himself over, not
understanding what is happening, nor listening
to his pleas.
They finally shoot him down and get to the
plane, coming inside and taking him out before
he can blow it up.
The soldiers get inside the plane unaware
of what is waiting for them there.
As the boy gets driven to a hospital, Elias
manages to sedate the paramedic with the sedative
that was meant for him.
He grabs his teddy bear and jumps out, running
toward the plane.
The soldiers get attacked by the vampires,
not listening to what Farid is telling them.
Moments later, he sees Elias from the back
of the truck but the boy doesn't hear him
call for him.
When Elias reaches the plane, he sees his
mom feed on a soldier and calls for her.
When he realizes that she's not really his
mom anymore, Elias blows up the plane, to
the surprise of Drummond and his men.
With his final strength, Farid finds Elias
next to the rubble and they embrace.